DbFramework is a collection of classes for manipulating DBI databases.
The classes are loosely based on the CDIF Data Model Subject Area.

Note: Do not use DbFramework.  I believe it is outdated and not working
anymore.  I obtained its ownership only to keep it clean until it is
retired.  If you were using DbFramework, consider other, more recent
solutions like XML instead.

The last release 1.10 of DbFramework is due 1999-05-13, even before Perl
5.005_03.  As today is 2008-04-19, that is NINE years ago.  It is not
suprising DbFramework does not work now.  If you are still using CDIF
Data Model Subject Area, it might be easier to migrate your code to use
XML, than to make DbFramework working.  Besides, DbFramework takes
a CPAN root namespace, DbFramework::*, which is not right, too.

DbFramework was written by Paul Sharpe (paul@miraclefish.com, CPAN ID:
PSHARPE).  If you are looking for older versions, see Paul's BackPen
directory: http://backpan.perl.org/authors/id/P/PS/PSHARPE/

Please report bugs to rt.cpan.org.  Even that I may not fix them, they
are still public records that could help the others understanding them.

By imacat <imacat@mail.imacat.idv.tw>, written 2008-04-19.
=============
DbFramework is a collection of classes for manipulating DBI databases.
The classes are loosely based on the CDIF Data Model Subject Area.

This module will help you to

  - Present data model objects (tables, columns) as HTML
  - Add persistency to your Perl objects
  - Manipulate DBI databases through an HTML forms interface

See the POD for further details.

Prerequisites
=============

  Perl 5.005
  Alias
  CGI
  URI::Escape
  DBI 1.06
  Text::FillIn
  Term::ReadKey

DbFramework has been successfully built and tested on (at least) the
following configurations.  In general the driver version is VERY
IMPORTANT as DbFramework makes use of some of the newer DBI metadata
methods which may only be implemented in development branches of
certain drivers.

  OS		   Driver		      Database
  ================ ========================== ===================
  RedHat Linux 5.1 Msql-Mysql-modules-1.21_15 Mysql 3.22.14-gamma
		   Msql-Mysql-modules-1.21_15 Msql 2.0.8
		   DBD-Pg-0.91                PostgreSQL 6.4.2

Note that DBD::CSV is unlikely to be supported in the near future due
to the limitations of this driver.

Installation
============

  1) Ensure you have installed the prerequisites above.

  2)  perl Makefile.PL
	Select each DBD driver you wish to test DbFramework against.
      make
      make test
	You will need permission to create the databases 'dbframework_test'
	and 'dbframework_catalog' for each DBI driver you chose to test.
      make install

To use forms/dbforms.cgi, install it in a CGI directory then 'perldoc
forms/dbforms.cgi'.

paul@miraclefish.com
